The 

Introduction: 

Today, Americans are living through highly uncertain times due to the rise of artificial Intelligence, income inequality, and a political leadership that is too divided and short-sighted to seriously address the issues the nation faces. From healthcare to housing, our political elites favor tired old ideas like aimless protectionism and subsidies to the well-off instead of expending the political capital necessary to enact lasting positive change. While the issues our country must face are deep-rooted and difficult to overcome, there is one man who has the competence, vision, and, above all, empathy, to bring our nation together in these pivotal times. This man is Dustin Moskovitz. 

Early Life and Leadership:

Dustin Moskovitz was born to an ordinary family in Gainesville, Florida. Through hard work and determination, he successfully co-founded two billion-dollar companies, Asana and Facebook. As CTO of Facebook and later, CEO of Asana, Moskovitz needed to work hard and learn practical leadership skills to make his companies thrive. While other executives cast orders from the sidelines, Moskovitz placed himself on the frontlines and coded much of the bedrock of his software-based businesses. This made him a fortune, but the most impressive thing about Moskovitz is not so much how he acquired his money, but what he chose to do with it.

Philanthropy: 

Since becoming one of the world’s youngest Billionaires, Moskovitz lived a relatively frugal lifestyle. While others in a similar position flaunted their wealth with private jets and flashy sports cars, Moskovitz retained the spending habits of his younger years, flying commercial and driving a simple car. For what reason, might you ask? Moskovitz’s frugality was not driven by a mere love for money; it was driven by a sense of a purpose greater than himself. Through his charity foundation, Coefficient Giving, Moskovitz has directed billions of his own dollars to highly effective charitable causes, such as fighting malaria, reducing lead exposure, and increasing access to clean water. Furthermore, Moskovitz has pledged to donate nearly all of his wealth to charity by the end of his lifetime and has encouraged other billionaires to make similar commitments. Finally, beyond having the leadership skills and empathy necessary to lead the country, Dustin Moskovitz also has a pulse on the most important issues of our time. 

Foresight:

On Artificial Intelligence, Dustin Moskovitz has been a major endorser of responsible regulation on the development and use of Artificial Intelligence, a necessity as AI tools increasingly impact Americans’ jobs, information, and safety. Long before it was a national issue, Moskovitz understood that big corporations could not be trusted with such a powerful technology without government oversight, and began donating to AI Safety and Governance causes in order to ensure the technology benefited all Americans instead of a narrow few or none at all. On housing, Dustin Moskovitz supports reducing the onerous restrictions on new developments that favor the wealthy over the working class and has donated to several non-profits dedicated to improving housing affordability for Americans.

Democracy:

Since 2016, Dustin Moskovitz has demonstrated his clear preference for a more civil, optimistic, and productive form of politics. In each of the last 3 presidential cycles, Dustin Moskovitz has been one of the largest donors for Democratic presidential candidates, demonstrating his firm opposition to Donald Trump and support for the Democratic Party. 

Our Mission:

As a grassroots movement with no direct connection to Dustin Moskovitz, we hope to inspire Moskovitz to grant America the leadership, stability, and vision it needs. By demonstrating our support, we also hope to prove that individual citizens can still make a difference in our increasingly broken political system. To further these goals, please add your name and email to our secure digital petition, which requests that Dustin Moskovitz enter the 2028 Democratic Presidential Primaries.

A Brief History of Political Drafts:

Americans have long used political draft movements to encourage non-traditional candidates to run. In the 1952 election, future president Dwight D. Eisenhower only decided to run after his supporters registered him for the Republican New Hampshire primary. In 1964, future Republican Presidential Nominee Barry Goldwater also entered the race in large part due to a political draft effort. In 1992, Ross Perot decided to run only after a political draft effort took place. Perot would go on to win the largest share of the popular vote of any third-party candidate since Theodore Roosevelt. All in all, American history suggests political drafts are an effective way for Americans to help prospective candidates make a decision on choosing to run.


